what's up everybody Minnesota here and
I'm back with a GTA 5 invisible
character glitch this glitch is very
easy to do if you could please leave a
like on this video and subscribe if you
haven't already that'd be really awesome
but what you need to do is grab at least
one friend any need to go to the main
last santos customs and once you're
there you need one guy station in the
area that i am in now and then you need
the other friend to go and the garage
and once he's in the garage and he's
able to leave if he needs to leave and
once his back tires are about to touch
the edge of the garage door he needs to
tell you that and once he tells you that
you need to haul ass towards the garage
and if you time it just right and you
hit him he you should his car he should
go back and he should be invisible and
if he did it right he's invisible he can
do all sorts of things he can get out of
the car have fun just go up to you hit
you just do whatever and there's some
things that make you reappear guys so be
careful what you do and i'm gonna be
showing you my point of view if you're
the guy going into the garage and if
you're not going into the garage all you
need to just grab a car go into the
garage and let it load up just let it go
to the repair screen or cell repair and
sell i guess you could say anyways once
you able to leave just leave tell your
friend that you're leaving and once your
back tires reach the edge of garage tell
him so you can haul ass towards you and
once he does that he needs to ram you
and it should bring it back to the
garage door and if it's done right you
should be invisible you can go out of
the car and you'll still be invisible
like i said there's some things i'll
make you reappear get on a bike troll
some people because it's quite funny to
see a bike just riding around I've
nowhere but if you like this video stay
tuned for more GTA 5 videos I love all
of you this is Minnesota ninja signing
out hey what's up everyone Minnesota
here and i'm back with another GTA 5
video in this video i'm gonna be
showcasing my nas a door NOS bugatti